# Project Structure
> An overview how how the project is structured

### Directory Overview

Source files are placed in a folder named `src`. These files are then
compiled to the distrubution folder `dist` ready for deployment. The folder structure
is the same in across both directories.

This set-up makes no assumptions for how distribution HTML files are handled. By default, HTML
files will need to be located in the `dist` directory, however feel free to move to the `src`
folder to utilise Jade templates (or other) to generate HTML.


```
Project Root/
│
├── dist/
│   ├── assets/
│   │   ├── css/
│   │   │   ├── global.css
│   │   │   ├── global.min.css
│   │   │   └── global.css.map
│   │   │
│   │   ├── img/
│   │   │
│   │   └── js/
│   │       ├── vendor/
│   │       ├── global.js
│   │       └── global.min.js
│   │
│   └── index.html
│
├── src/
│   └── assets/
│       ├── css/
│       │   └── global.scss
│       │
│       ├── img/
│       │
│       └── js/
│           └── vendor/
│
├── docs/
│
├── node_modules/
│
├── .editorconfig
├── .gitignore
├── .jshintrc
├── Gruntfile.js
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

### File Structure

**dist/**  
This folder should be used for deployment.

**src/assets/css/**  
Contains Sass/SCSS files, compiled to `dist/assets/css/global.css` and minfied to `dist/assets/css/global.min.css`.

**src/assets/img/**  
Any `.png`, `.jpg`, `.jpeg` files placed here will be compressed to `dist/assets/img`.

**src/assets/js/**  
JavaScript files will be linted, concatenated to `dist/assets/js/global.js` and minfied to `dist/assets/js/global.min.js`.

**docs/**  
Documention for the project.

**node_modules/**  
Required dependancies are installed here, do not add to version control.

**.editorconfig**  
See [editorconfig.org](http://editorconfig.org).

**.gitignore**  
A standard `.gitignore` file for ignoring files/folders from being added the repo.

**.jshintrc**  
Set up options for JShint.

**Gruntfile.js**  
This is the main file. Contains all the tasks to be run.

**package.json**  
Define project settings in this file. All dependancies are listed here too.

**README.md**  
The project readme.
